we have other channels hey everyone
don't farm ideas and I'm doing another
experiment over there for home survival
ideas so I'm boiling water and a quarter
or a quart pot one quart and it's to
it's boiling point so give me some lunch
now normally you'd want to watch the
eggs but I don't have to because I'm
gonna wash them at the same time leave
that one in there and see if the kids
can't get it you know how they say
they're getting the eggs you know so
anyway I want to see how long this is
gonna take which it's boiling water so
if it's boiling water that means
shouldn't take long so let me move the
pot over just a little there we go okay
so egg into the hot water and let's time
it to
so it's been about 12 minutes
so let's go ahead and get that egg out
and see how it went
cooking with the Sun so let's see how
that came out
all right so I got this thing all soaked
in the water here and now I'm gonna go
ahead and unravel it
I've never actually had a hard-boiled
egg cooked completely by the Sun
but
it looks pretty good and it came fresh
out of the mess you guys saw it's
actually pretty surprisingly pill a lot
of you out there that have chickens know
that you shouldn't well not that you
shouldn't but that it's really hard to
peel eggs fresh from the garden or from
the nest box so but that one came out
pretty good so yeah solar cooked
hard-boiled egg let's see what the
middle looks like that's definitely
hard-boiled hmm still warm in the center
so anyway thank you guys for watching if
you like this video obviously hit that
subscribe button and join us on all our
social media sites blah blah blah blah
you know where to go
so anyway you have any questions post
them below I love hearing you guys's
questions on these things so it's all
our cooked egg anyway god bless you guys
peace
thank you guys so much for watching our
video if you liked it please give it a
thumbs up also hit the subscribe button
to get all our video updates oh yeah we
do have other channels now so please
check them out like always
god bless know you're still here go
ahead and click on one of our other
channels we got a lot of stuff going on
over there also you can hit that big red
subscribe button I mean it's just BAM
right there